# CS255-Project2
# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass project was about designing a system for the client, Liam, that would work as a site where people could learn about driving rules, laws, take in person driving lessons, and take up to date driving exams in order to prepare themselves for the real driving tests where they'd earn their licenses. The system need to allow users to create accounts, schedule in person driving lessons, purchase different content packages, and take tests online to practice the new things they're learning. This system would fill a niche in the market that Liam finds could be very profitable and help people at the same time.

# What did you do particularly well?
I believe that I made my diagrams very well. After looking at some of the other students diagrams I know that mine are nowhere near perfect, but I do believe that mine are easy to read, well organized, and cover most of the bases that they would need to in a real system design scenario.

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would put more work into revising my written descriptions and lists of the various things the system needs to accomplish. I've begun to notice that I am a rambler and I feel that really refining my points and making them easier to understand would be extremely beneficial for the future.

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
There were many instances in which, if I were to be one of the people asking interview questions, I would have maybe suggested different approaches. Since I wasn't the interviewer however, it was important that I really stuck to the clients needs for the design. Based on the timeline that was developed for the project it was paramount that we accomplished the clients needs with minimal revisions as I believe there was only one or maybe two points in which we could have discussed revisions with the client. At the end of the day, the system I'm designing isn't for my company so it's important that I design the system to Liam's companies needs and put my own personal prefences to the side unless those preferences are extremely important. For example, security concerns are really something I would bring up no matter what. Just because it's not my company doesn't mean I shouldn't try to ensure that their data and their users data isn't being handled responsibly. The password reset system for instance. I found that him wanting to be personally notified for password resets seemed to really limit the scope of the systems future. If I had interviewed him I would have brought that up, but since I didn't, I made sure to incorporate that part of the system into my designs.

# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
The first step I take is designing the overarching relationships within the system. Such as how smaller sub-systems interact with one another or what external system might need to be interacted with and how we'd do that. Then finally I'd tackle each portion of that system in a more detailed approach such as really designing out how the individual use-cases would work and ultimately I'd end up with a very wide variety of design documents that ideally all interconnect cleanly. 
